[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: We're
here with John Lear,
and today we're going be
talking about mysteries
of our solar system.
Welcome, John.
Thanks for coming on the show.
>>JOHN LEAR: Thanks, Emery.
Nice to be here.
>>EMERY: Let's talk about the
planets of our solar system.
>>LEAR: OK.
Well, you know, NASA loves to
limit the information they give
us, and they don't even
know how many planets
are in our solar system.
They tell us 9, but
there's actually 40 total.
So there's 39 planets
in addition to Earth.
>>EMERY:: Earth.
>>LEAR: Now, can
we see them all?
No.
NASA can see a few of
them, but not all of them.
I imagine they can't
see most of them.
ET uses a technology--
and I don't know how it works,
but it works pretty good.
>>EMERY:: And does
NASA have any--
have they observed
anything of these planets?
>>LEAR: Yeah.
They can see a few of the
39 other planets that exist,
but they're not telling us.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Every one
of those 39 planets
have different civilizations.
They trade with one another.
They trade technology,
they trade farming.
There's a massive amount of air
traffic control between them.
So much is going on.
We're regarded as the
solar system morons.
As a matter of fact, they
have tours from the planet
to come and--
you're not going to
believe what these Earth
people are doing now.
Watch this.
Watch.
They're going to have a war.
>>EMERY: I was once told
we're the Disneyland
of the solar system.
>>LEAR: [LAUGHS] You don't
have to tell us we have four
giants--
gas giants.
Would be Neptune, Saturn,
Jupiter, and Uranus.
Our-- what they
call-- gas giants
are thriving planets with
civilizations on them
and all kinds of stuff going
on, particularly Saturn.
Saturn has the rings around
it that Norman Bergrun
wrote the ring makers of
Saturn found the big spaceships
orbiting inside the rings.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: All kinds of
stuff is going on.
>>EMERY: With Saturn, what
are those rings made out of?
>>LEAR: You know, I don't
know, but Saturn is probably
one of the most important
planets in our solar system.
And Lou Baldin, who I
talk to all the time,
who's written books
about space and UFOs--
he said that if you were to
look at the surface of Saturn
from a planet a
little ways away--
he said, all you have to do
is look at it for five seconds
and you would faint
for about a day.
It would be so overwhelming
that you would literally faint.
>>EMERY: Because of
structures or because of--
>>LEAR: He did not elaborate.
He said what you see--
>>EMERY: Overwhelming.
>>LEAR: --would be
overwhelming that you
would lose consciousness.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
I had read some
papers, classified,
that said that there is a
portal there on the poles
that the ETs use to
come in and out of,
and that it's a very popular
spot in our solar system,
I'll say.
>>LEAR: We have
portals all over Earth,
but they change
position all the time.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
And that's due to, I
believe, the axis and also
the gravity of all the
other planets on the sun.
Is that correct?
>>LEAR: I don't know.
We know that Pari Spolter,
who wrote, "The Gravitational
Force of the Sun," debunking
Newton's second law
of gravitation--
>>EMERY: Mhm.
>>LEAR: She says that the
quantity and density of planets
have nothing to do with
the gravitational force.
Now, Bob Lazar listed gravity
is made up of two waves--
gravity A and gravity
B. Gravity A--
it works on an atomic
scale, and it's
the thing that holds atoms
together in the nucleus.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
>>LEAR: And gravity B is the
gravity that holds us on Earth,
and the Earth in
orbit around the sun,
and the moon in orbit
around the Earth.
The gravitational A
wave is instantaneous
throughout the universe.
And the way that came up is,
apparently, our government
was trying to talk
to somebody who
was many hundreds
of light years away,
and there was some message
that came back instantly.
And either Bob or somebody
asked, how is that possible?
And they said they use a
gravity phone because a gravity
phone is instantaneous.
The wave is instantaneous.
So if you could hook
a telephone up to it,
you could talk to somebody who
was billions of light years
away instantly.
And that's because the
gravitational gravity
A is instantaneous.
You know, since Venus
is the closest to Earth,
they have tried
to make us think,
oh, it's way too hot
for anybody to live
on Venus, which is nonsense.
You'll remember the Russians
had sent up the Venera series,
and 800 degrees centigrade
at the surface of Venus.
They didn't tell us what
those parachutes were made of.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
How would you even
get it down there?
>>LEAR: Yeah.
How would you even
get it down there?
All that's nonsense.
There's a civilization
up on Venus.
There's several on Mars.
All of them have--
Uranus has civilizations.
And the people are in
huge, round containers
that contain housing.
And they're like 50 miles tall,
several miles in diameter,
and they orbit Uranus.
Anyway, Venus is a really
nice place to live,
as are most of the--
>>EMERY: How is that
atmosphere there?
>>LEAR: Same as ours.
Same as ours.
And apparently, they've
visited us several times.
If you read any of
the Adamski books,
they look like just, you know--
>>EMERY: They look like what?
>>LEAR: Us.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
Like us, right?
>>LEAR: Look like us.
There's some kind
of rule that you're
not supposed to mess with Earth
people or tell them anything.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: So I don't know how
that's supposed to work.
So that's all I
know about Venus.
>>EMERY: How about Mercury?
>>LEAR: Mercury supposed to
be hot enough to melt lead.
The basic misunderstanding that
we all are infused with by NASA
is the sun is hot.
It's not hot.
It may look hot, but it
doesn't broadcast any heat.
You'll remember when the
first astronauts went up
that they made a great point of
saying that they had to rotate
the vehicles, the modules
to keep from burning
up so that they didn't get--
actually, there is no
heat coming from the sun,
so you'll notice that
nobody had to rotate--
the International
Space Station doesn't
have to rotate because
there's no heat from the sun.
What there is coming from the
sun is an electromagnetic wave.
And this wave is changed from--
it goes through our
atmosphere, and our atmosphere
changes the temperature of the
atmosphere inside the Earth.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
>>LEAR: So mercury is supposed
to be hot enough to melt lead.
No, it's about the
same temperature
as here because their
atmosphere modifies
the electromagnetic wave
that comes out of the sun.
With Pluto, we're told it's
cold enough to freeze an--
It's not.
It's the same
temperature as here
because it modifies the
electromagnetic wave
to create the proper
temperature on planet.
And that's the same
with all the planets.
>>EMERY: And they have to have
this atmosphere, of course,
for it to be like that.
>>LEAR: Right.
>>EMERY: Right.
Let's go to Mars.
I mean, a lot going on there.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
Mars has a civilization, which
is divided by two factions that
have been fighting
for hundreds of years,
and that fight is
still going on.
That's why we're not allowed
to land anything there.
And if we try to send
up anything there,
they shoot it down.
And there's records all
the way back for, you know,
40 or 50 years of stuff that
we've tried to send there.
The original Rover series.
We'll just start out with
the original Viking photos.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Where the two guys--
I think Di Pietro
and another guy--
found those two pictures
of the Cydonia region.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
>>LEAR: And they showed the
pyramids and the face on Mars.
And when Bob Lazar
worked at S4, he
was shown a briefing that
had a photo, a closeup photo,
of the pyramids that showed
doors, windows, balconies,
everything-- that was all
an apartment building,
but just shaped in a pyramid.
So we want to know where
that photo came from.
So he and I had to drive down
to LA to pick up his jet car.
And we picked up a jet
car, then drove over
to Jet Propulsion
Laboratories in Pasadena.
>>EMERY: JPL.
>>LEAR: Just like
we own the place.
Parked in visitor parking
and took up the whole space
with my truck and his 20 foot
jet car, walked up in there,
and asked to see Bob Nathan,
who was head of Viking Imaging.
And it was just like
everything was planned.
They said, oh, yeah.
Just a second.
Then they ushered us up
to Bob Nathan's office.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>LEAR: And Bob and I sit there
and start talking with him.
And we told him that we
were aware of the two photos
that the two guys had
found-- that everybody
sees the pyramids.
But Bob had worked at a
classified base, where
he had seen pictures
of a pyramid in Cydonia
that was very
detailed and showed
doors, and windows,
and balconies, and all
that type of stuff.
And we said, were those in
the original Viking series
of photographs?
Did we miss it?
Or did the two guys miss it?
He said, no.
I don't know exactly
where those came from.
So we said, you know, you're
head of Viking Imaging.
It would seem that you would
have that kind of information.
When he said they weren't
in the original series,
we asked him, did
the orbiter camera--
did it ever go
into a lower orbit?
And he said, yes, it did, but
we didn't take any pictures.
Of course, we had to
laugh because that's
exactly how security works
is you take the top guy who
has contact with
the public and you
don't tell him what's going on.
Even though he's
the head of imaging,
he doesn't know that
they took pictures.
So those pictures
that Bob saw at S4
were taken when they went
into the lower orbit.
>>EMERY: So the two races there
on Mars that have been fighting
for a while--
>>LEAR: Hundreds of years.
>>EMERY: Are they the
ones who destroyed Mars?
Because Mars--
>>LEAR: Yeah.
There was a--
>>EMERY: There's a huge--
>>LEAR: --a large
accident there,
and I don't know
how it happened.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: We sent up
the Rover series.
I just happened to be
taking a remote viewing
class with Angela
Smith Davis, who's
one of the leading remote
viewers in the United States,
and she had a class.
And I had a week off,
so I took the class.
So the first day we show up
happened to be the exact day--
I think it was Rover landing.
>>EMERY: Rover landing.
>>LEAR: And they were
showing the twin peaks
in the very, very distant
what was going on.
She was a little late
coming into class.
She said the reason
I was late is
I was with my husband
watching these photos.
And he works up at
Groom Lake, and he's
in charge of those
rovers and taking
care of how they move back
and forth and everything.
And when he saw those pictures,
he says, That's not Mars.
That's out in Death
Valley, where we work.
I know exactly where they are.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
>>LEAR: So that tipped
us off that the Rover
wasn't going to Mars.
Never has been.
And every picture
we've seen of Mars
is taken someplace on Earth.
The guy that was in charge
of distributing the motor--
the Mars pictures--
used to be Malin.
Now, I'm not sure if he--
Malin Space Systems--
still does it,
but he was the original guy.
Now, the reason he got to
be in charge of that is he
was once a very big
Billy Meier proponent.
>>EMERY: Oh.
>>LEAR: And the only
way to stop him was to--
because he was so knowledgeable
and they couldn't say, oh,
it's just some kook, you know?
They gave him a contract
to vet the Mars photos,
and that's how Malin Space
Systems came into being,
and that's how the guy, Malin,
got separated from promoting
the Billy Meier photos.
>>EMERY: Oh, I see.
Got it.
>>LEAR: The way they hide
that's stuff from the public
is ingenious, you know?
They spend a lot of
time figuring out
how to keep the rank and file,
you and me, from knowing what's
going on or knowing
what's really going on.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
The only way is to-- like I
always tell everybody, go out
and find out for yourself.
And that's you and Bob did.
You went right to the source.
Are these beings on
Mars intelligent?
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: And how far more
advanced are they than we are,
would you say?
>>LEAR: Well, they can shoot
down anything we put up there,
so I imagine they're
pretty far advanced.
I don't know if
they're as far advanced
as the humans on the
moon, but everything's
more advanced than us.
>>EMERY: Right.
Is it habitable?
>>LEAR: Yes, it has a
breathable atmosphere.
And it's not red like NASA
would have us believe.
And there's plenty of water.
>>EMERY: Are there any
Earth humans on Mars?
>>LEAR: I don't know.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
Don't know.
Can't verify that.
>>LEAR: If we went there, we
didn't go under our own power.
ET took us there.
>>EMERY: All right.
And let's jump to the next one.
>>LEAR: Before we
jump to the next one,
I just want to make a statement
here about disclosure.
You know, you and I talk about
a lot of different things
and people want to know, when
are they going to tell us?
They're never going to tell us.
And if they did, what
would they tell us?
You and I know more than they
would ever tell on disclosure.
A guy that read most of
this stuff that comes out
in the bookstore would know
more than they'd ever tell us.
So why would you
want the Pentagon
to say, OK, we're going
to have a disclosure here.
What would they tell us?
Nothing, you know?
Nothing that we couldn't know.
>>EMERY: But then
again, you and I
are sitting here
talking about disclosure
and informing people
what's really going on
and telling the truth.
As far as the
government, you know,
it's not going to be the
government that discloses.
It's more going to be like
the people, if anything.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
You can learn far
more on your own
than the government
would ever tell you.
>>EMERY: Exactly.
>>LEAR: Watch this series.
It's the closest
you're going to get
to disclosure in your lifetime.
>>EMERY: Oh.
Right.
As far as where Uranus,
Neptune, and Pluto are,
are you telling me there's
more plants beyond that?
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
There's 39 total and they go
out much farther than Pluto.
>>EMERY: And are there any
in between Pluto and Earth?
>>LEAR: Probably.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
Probably.
>>LEAR: The only one
I know a little bit
about is the one that orbited
between Jupiter and Mars
was a planet called M-A-N, Man.
Lou Baldin wrote a book and
described the fantastic society
that was there.
I think there was 100
billion people there.
They had tremendous innovations.
Their buildings were made of
gold and silver and highways
of diamonds.
It was really something.
That plan did not fit into the
agenda that the serpents had,
and the serpents, I've told
you, are the head of everything
that goes on in this universe.
At least those that
have a physical body.
>>EMERY: On the echelon of all
the entities and ETs out there,
what is the top level?
>>LEAR: Serpents.
>>EMERY: The serpents.
And the reptilians
are below them.
>>LEAR: They're below them.
>>EMERY: And then everyone else
is below that, pretty much.
>>LEAR: And the reptilians
infest every single planet
to some extent.
The serpents sit back and run
things from their position.
And for some reason--
and I don't know the reason--
planet Man was not in their
agenda and they blew it up.
It took them 1.5
seconds to eliminate
a planet that was two
times as big as Earth
with 100 billion people.
And in 1.5 seconds, nothing was
left except the asteroid belt.
All the stuff we-- gold and
stuff we find on the surface
of the Earth, that's from--
>>EMERY: Partial.
>>LEAR: That's from planet Man.
That's stuff that's
been falling down.
And all of the meteor showers
that we have each year--
I think there's
like 10 of them--
different type meteor-- those
come from the planet Man
disintegrating, or
as it disintegrated.
And when we meet that
particular part of Man,
it rains down on the Earth.
>>EMERY: John, what's
this on the line we hear
about this Planet X or Nibiru.
>>LEAR: Emery, I don't know
anything about Planet X.
It could be some
other planets that we
don't know that are in orbit--
they're going to come by.
But I have no
information on that.
>>EMERY: OK.
Thank you.
Of all the origin stories
out there on planet Earth,
which appeals to you the most?
>>LEAR: The one that Lou Baldin
wrote about in his books,
and the fact that we were just
engineered and planted here
by an ET race.
The Bible is pretty
much allegorical.
>>EMERY: What about the
plants and the animals
and all the different types of
flora and fauna on this planet?
Was that also
engineered by these?
>>LEAR: Absolutely everything.
Every mosquito, every
bug, every cockroach.
>>EMERY: Yep.
But--
>>LEAR: Everything has
been carefully engineered
by the serpent race.
>>EMERY: And do they
have technologies
that can heal us and also clean
up this planet since we do have
a problem damaging the planet?
>>LEAR: The planet
Earth has been here
for 13 billion years,
not 5, as NASA told you.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: It has seen at least 100
civilizations far more advanced
than we are.
And there's remnants of those
civilizations under the Sea
of Japan, under the Sahara.
All kinds of remnants around,
just right under our nose.
There's not a possibility
that we could do anything
to damage the planet.
The carbon footprint
that we hear--
totally BS.
Global warming, total BS.
I mean, there's
not a single thing
that humans, who for
all practical purposes
have only been here for
1,000 or more years,
could damage anything
on the planet Earth.
>>EMERY: What do you
know about the pyramids?
Very interesting.
>>LEAR: I've had a chance
to crawl up in them.
>>EMERY: I know.
>>LEAR: When I was in Cairo
between 1980 and 1982,
it was still open and we were
able to climb all the way up
and walk these huge 100 ton
blocks fit within 1/10,000
of an inch.
I'll tell you one thing, the
Egyptians did not build them.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: Who built them?
>>LEAR: ET built them.
They were energy sources.
Like generators.
And what they did is they
used a sympathetic vibration
of the Earth to create power.
And there's thousands of
pyramids all over the world.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>LEAR: The Appalachian
Mountains cover a bunch of them
right there.
They're found more and more in
Mexico, Central America, South
America, all over.
But they're all deactivated now.
>>EMERY: What about
that recent discovery
of the West Coast of Cuba that
they found a pyramid twice
the size of Giza underwater?
>>LEAR: Another
indication of the hundreds
of civilizations that have
occupied Earth over the past 13
billion years.
>>EMERY: And I noticed recently
that the news is coming out
slower and slower about the
revealing of Antarctica--
that they may have
found something.
And how are they
going to release that?
Because that also indicates
extraterrestrial presence,
a civilization that was
unknown to us before.
I heard they're
down there taking
Mayan stuff and Egyptian
stuff and mixing
it all up together to
discombobulate National
Geographic scientists
when they go down
there to first let them in.
As we know, it's been
inhabited forever.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
Apparently, whoever
occupies Antarctica
is not one bit interested
in telling us or showing us
anything.
They made that very
clear to the government.
And we are not supposed
to go down there.
There's a small presence,
and every once in a while
somebody will see something.
For instance, C-130 crew that
Linda Moulton Howe interviewed,
and they accidentally saw
one of the huge openings
where you could see
a city down in there.
But they don't want us to
know anything that went on.
If you'll remember that
she interviewed a crew that
had been on a
scientific expedition
and asked for an
emergency evacuation,
and in the evacuation when
they were in the airplane going
back, none of them--
they stared straight
ahead, said no word.
When they got to
the destination,
they were stripped of all
their clothing and given
new clothing.
All that clothing was
bundled up and everything
on that scientific
expedition was boxed and put
in a different place and
the people that were on it
never said a word.
As a matter of fact, even when
they got to the destination,
they just stared
straight ahead as
if something happened
so horrific that they
didn't want to discuss it.
>>EMERY: You're aware of that
treaty the United Nations has
that every country signs if
they want to be part of it,
and in that treaty it states
that you're not allowed--
your country is not allowed
to go to Antarctica.
I heard about this.
>>LEAR: I didn't know that.
That's very interesting.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
I heard about it.
I don't know if
it's true or not.
I'm going to investigate
that as well.
>>LEAR: Very interesting.
>>EMERY: And why would they
put that in there, you know,
is what I'm saying.
Another red flag.
>>LEAR: Right.
When is the probable
date of that?
Do you remember?
Was that in the '50s or--
>>EMERY: No, it was recently.
Recently.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
OK.
>>EMERY: So what
happened to Buzz Aldrin?
Why did he go down there?
>>LEAR: Probably out of
curiosity, but apparently
he became violently ill.
And he made a statement when he
got back that he had seen evil.
Pure evil.
Now, he didn't explain that,
and I don't know what he meant,
but he made the statement.
>>EMERY: Have you ever
heard about the Pleiades
and the Orion star
systems visiting us here
on Earth and other planets?
>>LEAR: Yeah.
We've been visited by thousands,
thousands of ET civilizations.
But when people say, well,
if I wanted to meet an alien,
how would I do that?
And I'd say, just go
down to the strip there.
They hang around
the stratosphere.
And the way you can tell
is if somebody looks
just a little bit different,
like their ears are
just a little bit odd or
their nose a little bit odd,
just go behind them
and think real hard,
I know you're an alien,
and they'll go like that.
They'll turn like that.
They'll be caught off guard
You'll see your alien.
>>EMERY: Yes.
Yes, excellent.
I teach that, too.
It always-- something to
do with the cartilage.
They don't-- have not
perfected with the ETs,
or unless they're real ETs.
It's just they are
off a little bit.
The eye set's off a little bit.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: The noses.
The ears, always.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
>>EMERY:: There's something
a little bit different
and always noticeable.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
John, do you think we're living
in a holographic universe?
I mean, are we in the matrix?
Is it really us,
or are we looking
through the eyes of a shell here
and our soul is somewhere else?
>>LEAR: Emery, it's
certainly possible.
If there's unlimited
dimensions, just
imagine how infinitely
possible that would be.
>>EMERY: Infinite possibilities.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
That's what I always say.
John, have you been exposed
to any parallel universes
or interdimensional universes?
>>LEAR: You know,
to the extent that--
I've read of all of
Lou Baldin's books
and he talks about how
many dimensions there are.
When we leave Earth, we go
to the fourth dimension.
We can live there are
a couple of lifetimes
and then we can go to
the fifth dimension.
And, of course, we ask, well,
what's the fifth dimension
look like or feel like?
And he says, you don't even know
what the third dimension looks
like, so how can I explain
the fifth dimension?
The fact that you can't--
But I said, so Caleb,
that sounds interesting.
How many dimensions are there?
And he said, infinite.
So if the dimensions
are infinite,
just imagine how complex
that is and how that fits in
with parallel universes.
You know, our universe--
we're told that it all
started with the big bang
19 billion years ago.
That's totally false.
There was no big bang.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: There was
no dark energy.
That's all total BS.
The universe has
been here forever.
And if you don't accept that--
if you say like most people,
well, somebody had to build it--
[LAUGHS] well,
that's your choice
if you want to
believe that, but it
would be easier
if you just accept
that it's been here forever and
it's going to be here forever.
>>EMERY: Right.
And we're not at a high
enough IQ in consciousness
to grasp what really
did happen, and that's
the other point we
must get out there.
And that's why we have to, just
like you said, live our lives--
>>LEAR: With integrity,
without any hate or greed.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
I agree with that.
>>LEAR: That's our only choice.
And if you accept that,
you'll get along a lot quicker
than if you think you
have to figure things out,
because you're not
going to figure it out.
ET and the government
spend untold resources
to confuse you.
>>EMERY: Mhm.
>>LEAR: They have the
Dracos, and this thing,
and those guys there, and the
Orions and everything else.
It's just to confuse
you to keep you
from figuring out the truth.
I mean, it's such an
effort to do that.
There's no way you're
going to overcome that.
>>EMERY: John, thanks for
being on the show again.
I really appreciate
your company.
Interesting talks.
Until next time.
thank you, sir.
>>LEAR: Thank you, Emery.
>> Says his name is
Dr. Allen J. Hynek.
Weren't you with a thing
called Project Blue Book?
Well, I thought they
shut it all down.
He says, yeah, they got you
thinking, right, don't they?
>> We went inside this craft.
There was a soldier
standing right here.
Then there all of a sudden, I
see like a flash and look over.
And he's not there no more.
I didn't know his
name or nothing.
>> Have you ever physically been
to a planet other than Earth?
>> Yes.
>> From my perspective, Mr.
Kramer does believe that he is
telling the truth.
>> A frisbee came in, plowed
into these palm trees.
It's a disk.
>> Area 51 is doing the
advanced aircraft program.
>> All the military branches
have covert military space
program operations.
>> They shut down
Project Blue Book,
but you're now here
searching underwater UFOs.
>> At Fort Gordon, Georgia.
I slipped one of the pieces
of debris in my boot.
>> We would engage in
ground combat with groups
of indigenous reptoids.